[ZT] ICMP command updates (#23409)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/proxy.mdx

Gateway cannot log or filter ICMP traffic.
:::

#### Allow ICMP traffic through `cloudflared`

> For the ICMP proxy to work with Cloudflare Tunnel, you may need to configure the `cloudflared` host to allow ICMP traffic through `cloudflared`.

Author: ```suggestion
To use the ICMP proxy with Cloudflare Tunnel, you may need to configure the `cloudflared` host to allow ICMP traffic through `cloudflared`.
```
